it's up to all his friends here correction
contribution for a brand new video on
my favorite figurines and paul anciaux
we end up with a video
completely weird special since
this is good friends this volume but
this time the most disgusting ones
heads a bosch here's a printer have
been done but ordinary with some
shit instead of the eyes clearly and
there are some who sell you that same on
ebay at exorbitant prices since they
think they have tonal origins
boyer and of course all that forces
abroad so the other and regional
and here we have some animals 5
precisely and we will perhaps make a
small series that are really worth the
detour in terms of shit I leave you
care to discover it since tired
frankly I screamed a coach of the elected
seriously I thought to myself but it's not
possible it's great but if you smoked
that you smoked who sang did something
weird I do not know but here I was
want to change we often talk about the
beauty of the most beautiful things and there
we're going to talk about more
for the video I hope you go
to follow
Warning
it stings sg in the debris on the street
in a few strokes do not know how that
with the first handsome friend I found
and what is it
serbia maybe not know but what is it
that it's look at me painting
look at me these details that's all
simply ignoble what I have not
other pros person tried
add a tray and watch the feet on
left foot
finally the right foot compared to loeb
look at me the eyes witness this
facial expression
it really gives us optics
rather want to fuck what are you then
I do not know if the person putting it to the
sale but frankly my guy the plug
not in your collection is not it
because I think that in my opinion there by
gerber we will not do anything
baird ask good I want you
show when the truth maybe its
little friends what happened
no no no sonic no why did you do that
to the sega mascot why why
life look at me what is it
explain yeah but I believe that
of April historical must he to be a
little bit go back a little bit
indulgent for the history it would be a
guy who tried to make a sonic on
paint
apparently these two famous videos on
youtube or I do not know what and he has
tried to recruit between tapie that one in
happens to results like those like
I do not stop laughing in this
video because frankly that's it
make me scream with laughter
and then here is the detail in the eyes the
smile at amazing from this strict but
especially the rigor the rigor of its
forms it fell to the ground it's
magnificent
thank you for this great moment the friend thank you
a lot for the sake of integrity I
will not put people's names
who did
but what is it's chip
would you become a man
what happened who what he has
wanted to make the gala a village at 1
sleeves so I do not know what
happened in his bizarre head but
in any case greet each other this is not worth
clearly no longer worth it 1 I believe
that he no longer has any value
completely disgusting he added some
shoes look like slippers
eh bah listen to a nice round go on
now go to a fourth opinion
more disgusting donkey is decidedly
salus has the rating in terms of shit I
know that this is a woman who has
tempted of art can do so
what happened the muppet show
here I do not know but look at me
these incredible details his eyes
beautiful is a mouth is the air
a formidable sensuality of the hair
but makes imperfections less details
here it looks like the guy impose a
shit on his mouth and on his bust and
look at me especially the enlargement of the
calm to hi it's great art I
really loved i hope you too
and I will make an offer right away
in auction for this gala on ebay to my
notice since he tried to sell it
among the 30 euros here it is
obviously a very good price for these
two do you believe cleared the art
there is no value to lighthouse
Basque schlaeder what fucking it can
go on we end this session this
first video I hope it was
look more huh you will tell me in the
comments with a guy who put his
nice friend at auction and I have not
understood why by the way
of a modified pikachu and he lives that at
30 euros the gentleman finally 27 euros
after chebaya the shipping and
caetera and look at me that shit
here are two small points place him
eyes and a smile made to the rage of
rosé tell a big talent but because
and that's maybe it's a mixture
between a metamorph and a pikachu I do not
do not know but frankly you will pay
for that
and since look closely at his detail on
the right arm finally the left arm on
the picture there are not the same details
that on the other arm we do not have the
little holes so it was brownish blondes
and that I do not know but frankly
my guy it's ugly it's me I
know it's the publisher is sealed and is
this not my little one a little s is
ugly it's me i can move value
from scratch and even though I give you
want to tell you I'm not sure of the
take
you think this video was finished
Well, here's the bonus level
since this is a level sold on
i but also to what majesty
platonic amigos at the pikachu bar and
look at me this distress in the
eyes and kill me just very
ugly here it was the little bonus to a
thirty euros
that's what I take less level there the
wario I think I'll stick to him
shit on the mouth and I want to sell it
with a tone just doing my
small dealer it's worth it not to
convoy them the prices at which launched
by 1 to 0 supported on this thing
but that was the bonus marshmallow
for the pleasure of the eyes but not the
taste and so here is this video that is
finished I hope you took some
pleasure through this one it's true
that it was a little bit peculiar
quite short but never really
want to show you it's in some
kind of scam for me it's
habibollah is useless for nothing of
collect them separately to have them
an ugly original is a party
disgusting collection that can always
serve
in any case I hope that this one has you
more you are almost 1600 to me
follow tonight on the channel so a
immense thanks to you for the 3000
subscribers I 'll maybe do a little
special video a little contest where we
will see by then we still have a small
little time but frankly thank you
is always more and more numerous
to join me it touches me enormously
thank you for all your comments j'y
answer there you 've seen on the last
Video on the game boy I have collection
answered
so do not hesitate on this one left
a small comment do not hesitate to
subscribe is always fun
put a little like and coming on
facebook and twitter pages
go I make you a big kiss and I
you tell young people but level by the
man